hello my name is Monica. can I have visited Amsterdam City. last year I wanted to share my experience with you all. Amsterdam is a very green city. many big parks. with people running biking playing with the kids or just sitting and enjoying the atmosphere. it was a great sunny day so we went for a walk in bitrix park. Matrix Park is one of the oldest modern part. in the Amsterdam. it is located in the south of the city and it was opened in 1938. while we were walking around the park I have spotted this tree. with yellow flowers. it's a pity there was no sign showing its name. there are few statues in the park. this one is my favourite. it's called playing dog and it was designed by Alina Vijay Ingle send. if you don't like sitting on the ground you can take a sip. on one of the many benches. please in the park I only saw people sitting on the ground so I guess this is the preferred option. we don't have much time now. as we have to meet our other friends. for dinner also. on the way to the car we pass this week. Bridge with very nice flower decoration. we were waiting for a few minutes for the best shot. as there were so many boats passing by. at the end I managed to take a shot. with one boat. hidden behind the flowers. water bikes both this is Amsterdam Amsterdam is well known for its canals. in total there are more than hundred kilometre of canals in the City. three main canals form kind of concentric belts around the city. known as gretton Garden. you can set on the map to this three canals are. heaven track. Prince Agrawal. and Castle Crush. they were created in the 17th century during the Dutch golden age. all of these houses that you can see below. have a hook attached above the window on the top floor. hooks were used to get the packages from the boats in the past. many people decide to live on the river and this is why you will find a lot of houseboats around also. they can vary from very simple old house boats to new and trendy Apartments On The Water also. you can't avoid water in Amsterdam it's really everywhere. it was a rather quiet day on the streets of the city but it was definitely not quite on the water. this summer is exceptionally hot in Netherlands. few weeks already the temperature goes easily up to 30 degrees which is very unusual. the summer here is usually milder. with more rain and wind. so now a days you don't only see tourist enjoying the water rides but also locals on the. small bows. there are many small narrow houses in the City Centre. simply because there was not too much space for the buildings. but this house got me. you can see how small it is if you compare it with the bike parked in front of it. now we are coming to the heart of Amsterdam small can as old bridges Old bikes and both narrow houses. this was my experience of. visiting Amsterdam it is. it is the most lively City. and you can. never get bored in Amsterdam and it is. there are many tourist that always. visit Amsterdam all year round. and I was one of them to visit Amsterdam for my this vacation and I enjoyed a lot and I am definitely going to visit it visit the Amsterdam again next year. you soon Amsterdam bye. 